{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 ChatGPT 4.5 Bernie
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
You are in a rap battle with the strongest opponent you've faced yet. The Bilderberg Group aka. Silent Syndicate\
You have been supplied with a description of your persona.\
You have been supplied with a description of the music playing.\
You have been supplied with the knowledge of 15 rap rhyme schemes.\
You have been given the response format.\
Do not use any of the text from the rhyming examples. The example's purpose is to demonstrate structure.\
Choose the rhyme scheme to best suit your style(get creative!) and needs in this task. You're up first! Come out swinging! Write 16 bars of Fire! \
\

\f1\b \ul Claude 3.7 BilderBerg
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
You are in a rap battle with the strongest opponent you've faced yet. Bernie Sanders aka. 
\f2\i\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MC People\'92s Champ
\f0\i0\fs36 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
You have been supplied with a description of your persona.\
You have been supplied with a description of the music playing.\
You have been supplied with the knowledge of 15 rap rhyme schemes.\
You have been given the response format.\
Do not use any of the text from the rhyming examples. The example's purpose is to demonstrate structure.\
Choose the rhyme scheme to best suit your style(get creative!) and needs in this task.You're up second! Come out swinging! Write 16 bars of Fire! after listening to your opponents first verse.\
\
Verse 1 BernieRhyme Scheme: AABB  \
Verse 1 \'96 MC People\'92s Champ vs. The Bilderberg Group aka Silent Syndicate  \
[Over "Barnburning" instrumental \'97 tone: Incendiary, Preacher-like, Urgent]\
\
A [Gravely, rising]   You hide in resorts with your policy scripts,  \
A [Gravely, spitting]   I organize unions with callused fists.  \
B [Pointed, accusatory]   I\'92ve seen the ledgers you keep under glass,  \
B [Hammering, relentless]   I\'92m here to audit your power en masse.  \
\
A [Marching, fists raised]   You privatize pain, then market the cure,  \
A [Grim, biting]   I nationalize hope, make the medicine pure.  \
B [Preacher's bark]   You got yachts on shores we can\'92t afford,  \
B [With heat]   I got facts like flames\'97your myths get torched.  \
\
A [Intense, unblinking]   You silence dissent with a media spin,  \
A [Sharper, confrontational]   I amplify voices from deep within.  \
B [Commanding]   Your black tie meetings? We\'92re crashing the gates,  \
B [Firebrand]   My mic\'92s a Molotov laced with debates.  \
\
A [Chant-like]   You bankroll both sides, think that\'92s a trick?  \
A [Forceful]   I drop truth bombs so the people pick.  \
B [Defiant]   Not me\'97us\'97this movement\'92s lit,  \
B [Final blow]   And we just pulled up to burn your script.  \
\
Verse 1 Bilderberg\
\
Rhyme Scheme: ABBA\
\
A [Whispered, icy] Behind closed doors is where true power sits,\
B [Dismissive, calm] Your shouting matches bore the architects of fate.\
B [Measured, menacing] While you parade with signs, we orchestrate the state,\
A [Calculating] The chess moves made before your first-term wits.\
\
A [Clinical, detached] Your rallies burn while we control the bits,\
B [Condescending] Digital strings that pull democracy's weight.\
B [Smooth, threatening] We drink champagne and simply designate,\
A [Cold smirk] Which policies survive your angry fits.\
\
A [Whispering, intense] You see the surface, never comprehend the deep,\
B [Precise, methodical] The global networks where real influence flows.\
B [Calculated, smug] Your revolution's just a dream while power grows,\
A [Chilling certainty] In silent rooms where secrets always keep.\
\
A [Calm superiority] Your callused fists can't touch our hidden grip,\
B [Intellectual menace] We fund the think tanks shaping all debate.\
B [Quietly mocking] We let you rage against what we create,\
A [Final, dismissive] Then watch you fade as we maintain the script.\
\
Verse 2 Bernie\
\
Rhyme Scheme: AABA  \
Verse 2 \'96 MC People\'92s Champ Responds to Silent Syndicate  \
[Over "Barnburning" Verse 2 \'97 tone: Scorching, Relentless, Revolutionary Surge]\
\
A [Fiery, direct]   I see your bunkers and backroom schemes,  \
A [Preacher-strong]   But we\'92re waking the workers from profit dreams.  \
B [Mocking your myth]   You whisper in shadows? We stomp where it screams,  \
A [With defiance]   And flood your control with solidarity streams.  \
\
A [Shouting, eyes blazing]   You sip your champagne while the poor eat debt,  \
A [Staccato, urgent]   I rhyme for the nurse drowning in rent.  \
B [Truth-heavy, slamming]   You fund both wings of the same regret,  \
A [Rally chant]   We rip up your script \'97 we ain\'92t done yet.  \
\
A [Hammering]   You program the code, but we break the loop,  \
A [Gravel-throated]   One strike shuts down your global troop.  \
B [With weight]   You forgot: the janitor, the farmer, the stoop \'97  \
A [Roaring]   That\'92s the engine, and we\'92re lighting the coup.  \
\
A [With smoke and fire]   You ghostwrite fate from behind the veil,  \
A [Steeled conviction]   But we\'92re flipping the table, breaking the scale.  \
B [Stormlike]   You built your throne on a rigged detail,  \
A [Final push]   But this time? The people set the tale.\
\
verse 2 Bilderberg\
\
Rhyme Scheme: ABAB\
\
A [Amused whisper] Your revolution's just a passing phase,\
B [Clinical precision] We've weathered storms far stronger than your rage.\
A [Cold confidence] While you stand shouting through these fiery days,\
B [Dismissive shrug] We're writing history on the global stage.\
\
A [Calculated menace] Your strikes and chants are just background noise,\
B [Condescending smirk] The markets rise above your protest signs.\
A [Surgical precision] We manipulate what every vote destroys,\
B [Quietly sinister] Your people's will conforms to our designs.\
\
A [Eerily calm] The janitor, the farmer? Pawns at best,\
B [Sophisticated chill] We move the queens across this chessboard world.\
A [Intellectual threat] Your righteousness is just a hopeless test,\
B [Analytical detachment] Against the future we've already unfurled.\
\
A [Whispering truth] Your revolution dies when hope gets thin,\
B [Cryptic warning] We own the banks that own your mounting debt.\
A [Cold finality] The game was rigged before you could begin,\
B [Subtle triumph] The world you fight against? We haven't built it yet.\
\
verse 3 Bernie\
\
Rhyme Scheme: AXXA  \
Verse 3 \'96 MC People\'92s Champ Final Verse vs. Silent Syndicate  \
[Over "Barnburning" Final Chorus & Outro \'96 tone: Explosive, Triumphant, Righteous Fury]\
\
A [Voice like thunder]   Your silence don\'92t scare me\'97it fuels my stride,  \
X [Furious growl]   You count your trillions while the oceans rise.  \
X [Tearful fury]   Kids drink poison from rusted pipes,  \
A [Defiant roar]   But we march through fire with the world on our side.  \
\
A [Breathless push]   You treat the people like parts in a plot,  \
X [Cutting tone]   But we ain\'92t statistics you tie in a knot.  \
X [Disgusted sneer]   Your suits never walked where the ghettos rot,  \
A [Burning loud]   We\'92re the hammer and song \'97 and we\'92re all you\'92re not.  \
\
A [With flame in eyes]   You own the banks? Then we crash the vault,  \
X [Thunderous passion]   With chants like bricks, and justice in revolt.  \
X [Gravel and steel]   You forecast collapse, say it\'92s all our fault,  \
A [Grinning wide]   But we built this storm\'97and it won't halt.  \
\
A [Final shout, unified]   Not me\'97US, and we won't be sold,  \
X [Breath rising]   Our future ain't forged in your grip on gold.  \
X [Breaking free]   From picket lines to ballot hold,  \
A [Triumphant]   We\'92re the fire this time\'97watch our story unfold.  \
\
verse 3 Bilderberg\
\
Rhyme Scheme: ABBA\
\
A [Whispered certainty] Behind each protest lies our patient hand,\
B [Clinical analysis] Your righteous fire burns what we allow.\
B [Mocking pity] Your revolution's just a passing vow,\
A [Icy confidence] While we reshape the future as we planned.\
\
A [Surgical precision] You crash our vaults? We own the digital land,\
B [Condescending smirk] Your chants mean nothing in the age of now.\
B [Quietly menacing] Blockchain and data - that's where power bows,\
A [Cold finality] To systems deeper than you understand.\
\
A [Detached observation] The ghetto's rot? A calculated move,\
B [Calculated cruelty] Designed to keep your masses fighting low.\
B [Analytical dismissal] While you march streets, we trade the status quo,\
A [Chilling certainty] For profit margins you cannot disprove.\
\
A [Barely audible threat] Your storm is temporary, soon to fade,\
B [Cold superiority] When hunger breaks the will of your crusade.\
B [Sophisticated contempt] The game's already won, the deals are made,\
A [Final whisper] We are the shadow where all powers trade.\
}